Document basic NUMA support (#457)
kubevirt/user-guide: docs/virtual_machines/numa.md

# NUMA

> 

Reviewer: Please add a small section with the scope of our "NUMA" support.

Author: Added a section. Hope it is better now.

**FEATURE STATE:** KubeVirt v0.43

> ## Predonditions

Reviewer: `Predonditions`, sorry, no idea!?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Preconditions
```

Also appropriate: Prerequisites.

Author: Fixed.

In order to use current NUMA support, three preconditions must be met:
[Dedicated CPU Resources](dedicated_cpu_resources.md) must be
configured, [Hugepages](virtual_hardware.md#Hugepages) need to be allocatable on
target nodes and the `NUMA`
[feature gate](../operations/activating_feature_gates.md#how-to-activate-a-feature-gate)

> must be enabled.

Reviewer: WHat about using list items here?

Author: Done.

## GuestMappingPassthrough

GuestMappingPassthrough will pass through the node numa topology to the guest.
The topology is based on the dedicated CPUs which the VMI got assigned from the
kubelet via the CPU Manager. It can be requested by

> setting `spec.domain.cpu.guesstMappingPassthrough`.

Reviewer: VM? VMI? Splease note on which API
Typo: `gues*s*t.…`

Author: Done.

Since KubeVirt does not know upfront which exclusive CPUs the VMI will get from
the kubelet, guests may see different NUMA topologies when being rescheduled.
Further the resulting NUMA topology may be asymmetrical. Finally the VMI may
fail to start on the node if not enough hugepages are available on the assigned
NUMA nodes.

While the NUMA modelling strategy has its limitations, for high-performance

> applications aligning the guest NUMA architecture with the node can be critical.

Reviewer: This sentence read's itself a little odd.

Author: Fixed. :+1:

> While the NUMA modelling strategy has its limitations, for high-performance
> applications aligning the guest NUMA architecture with the node can be critical.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
While the NUMA modelling strategy has its limitations, aligning the guest's NUMA architecture with the node's can be critical for high-performance applications.
```

Author: Thanks. Took your sentence.
